>> So, let's get onto the next exercise,
which is exercise number three,
this should be pretty simple exercise.
What we're going to be doing is we're
going to be using the actions that we
created in exercise two, which you'll see
are already in the machine over here.
And we're going to be parameterizing them,
so basically moving them out,
giving them names such as tick,
add minute, and resets.
And if you want, you could add them to
the actions over here,
but that's optional.
So in general, just moving this and
this entry, we're gonna be
parameterizing both of them and
we're also gonna be doing one more thing,
we're introducing a new event,
which is the tick event.
What that's going to do,
is it's going to increments
the elapsed time by the interval
on every interval, so
we're going to be modeling that just for
now with use effects.
And so, you should also add
a use effect over here to
send a tick events on every interval.
So basically, you're going to be using set
interval to do this, make sure to clean
up that interval using clear interval in
the cleanup function of the use effect.
And every single one of those intervals,
you're going to be
sending that tick event.
And the tick event should increments
the elapsed by context done interval.